MCP developer guide (#753)
box/developer.box.com: content/guides/box-mcp/remote/index.md

---
rank: 0
related_endpoints: []
related_guides: []
required_guides: []
---

# Remote Box MCP Server

> The Remote Box MCP Server allows third-party AI systems to securely connect and interact with your content in Box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Remote Box MCP Server allows third party AI systems to securely connect and interact with your content in Box.
```

### Copilot Studio

Adding a Box MCP Server on Copilot Studio side
To add an MCP server, follow the instructions provided by the Copilot Studio side. Detailed steps and guidance are available in the official Microsoft documentation: [Add an MCP Server in Copilot Studio](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-copilot-studio/agent-extend-action-mcp#add-tools-from-an-existing-mcp-connector-to-an-agent).

### Azure API Center

Adding a Box MCP Server on the Azure API Center's Enterprise Registry side
To add an MCP server in Azure API Center's Enterprise Registry, follow the instructions provided by Azure’. Detailed steps and guidance are available in the official Microsoft documentation: [Add an MCP Server in Azure API Center's Enterprise Registry](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-center/register-discover-mcp-server).

### Using Box AI Features with the MCP Server

> When using Box AI in third party applications, the best experience and highest quality results are achieved by accessing the applications through the Box MCP Server. This ensures full functionality, improved performance, and a seamless user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use Box AI in third party applications, you can achieve the best experience and highest quality results by accessing the applications through the Box MCP Server. This ensures full functionality, improved performance, and a seamless user experience.
```

## Available tools

> Remote Box MCP Server includes several tools your can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote Box MCP Server includes several tools you can use:
```

| Tool| Description|
|--------|--------|
| `box-remote-mcp_who_am_i`| Returns detailed information about the currently authenticated Box user.|

> | `box-remote-mcp_search_folders_by_name`| Searches for folders by name within Box using keyword matching.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `box-remote-mcp_search_folders_by_name`| Searches for folders within Box by name using keyword matching.|
```

> | `box-remote-mcp_list_folder_content_by_folder_id`| Lists files, folders, and web links contained in a folder. |

Reviewer: Not sure if the word _contained_ is necessary.
